---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mittwald_cronjob Resource - terraform-provider-mittwald"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource models a cron job.
---

# mittwald_cronjob (Resource)

This resource models a cron job.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "mittwald_cronjob" "demo" {
  project_id = mittwald_project.foobar.id

  container = {
    stack_id   = mittwald_container_stack.example.id
    service_id = "nginx"
  }

  interval    = "*/5 * * * *"
  description = "Demo Cronjob"
  timezone    = "Europe/Berlin"

  destination = {
    container_command = ["echo", "Hello World"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description for your cronjob
- `destination` (Attributes) Models the action to be executed by the cron job. Exactly one of `url`, `command`, or `container_command` must be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination))
- `interval` (String) The interval of the cron job; this should be a cron expression
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project the cronjob belongs to. Must be a full UUID (not a short ID like p-XXXXXX).

### Optional

- `app_id` (String) The ID of the app the cronjob belongs to. Must be a full UUID (not a short ID like a-XXXXXX). This must be used together with `destination.url` or `destination.command`.
- `container` (Attributes) Container target for this cronjob. This must be used together with `destination.container_command`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--container))
- `email` (String) The email address to send the cron job's output to
- `timezone` (String) The timezone to use for the cron job execution schedule (e.g., `Europe/Berlin`, `America/New_York`)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The generated cronjob ID

<a id="nestedatt--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination`

Optional:

- `command` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination--command))
- `container_command` (List of String) Command and arguments to execute in a container service. This must be used together with `container`.
- `url` (String) The URL that should be requested by the cron job

<a id="nestedatt--destination--command"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination.command`

Required:

- `interpreter` (String) The interpreter to use for the command. Must be a valid path to an executable within the project environment (typically, `/bin/bash` or `/usr/bin/php` should work).
- `path` (String) The path to the file to run. Must be a valid path to an executable file within the project environment.

Optional:

- `parameters` (List of String) A list of parameters to pass to the command. Each parameter must be a valid string.



<a id="nestedatt--container"></a>
### Nested Schema for `container`

Required:

- `service_id` (String) The identifier of the service in the stack.
- `stack_id` (String) The ID of the container stack.
